doc/pjsip-book/intro.rst, before:



Introduction to PJSUA2
*******************************
This documentation is intended for developers looking to develop Session Initiation Protocol (SIP) based client application. Some knowledge on SIP is definitely required, and of course some programming experience. Prior knowledge of PJSUA C API is not needed, although it will probably help.

This PJSUA2 module provides very high level API to do SIP calls, presence, and instant messaging, as well as handling media and NAT traversal. Knowledge of SIP protocol details (such as the grammar, transaction, dialog, and whatnot) are not required, however you should know how SIP works in general and particularly how to configure SIP clients to, e.g. register to a SIP provider, specify SIP URI to make call to, and so on, to use the module.

Getting Started with PJSIP
==============================
To begin using PJSIP
http://trac.pjsip.org/repos/wiki/Getting-Started

PJSIP Info and Documentation
================================
PJSIP General Wiki:
http://trac.pjsip.org/repos/wiki

PJSIP FAQ:
http://trac.pjsip.org/repos/wiki/FAQ

PJSIP Reference Manual:
http://trac.pjsip.org/repos/wiki - Reference Manual

Building PJSUA2
=================
PJSUA2 API declaration can be found in pjproject/pjsip/include/pjsua2 while the source codes are located in pjproject/pjsip/src/pjsua2. It will be automatically built when you compile PJSIP.

PJSUA2 Language Binding Support
===================================
Optional if you want to:
​SWIG (minimum version 2.0.5)

Commit message:

More re #1715: doxygen integration into the book
git-svn-id: https://svn.pjsip.org/repos/pjproject/trunk@4762 74dad513-b988-da41-8d7b-12977e46ad98

doc/pjsip-book/intro.rst, after:


Introduction to PJSUA2
*******************************
This documentation is intended for developers looking to develop Session Initiation Protocol (SIP) based client application. Some knowledge on SIP is definitely required, and of course some programming experience. Prior knowledge of PJSUA C API is not needed, although it will probably help.

This PJSUA2 module provides very high level C++ API to do SIP calls, presence, and instant messaging, as well as handling media and NAT traversal. Knowledge of SIP protocol details (such as the grammar, transaction, dialog, and whatnot) are not required, however you should know how SIP works in general and particularly how to configure SIP clients to, e.g. register to a SIP provider, specify SIP URI to make call to, and so on, to use the module.

Getting Started with PJSIP
==============================
Check `PJSIP's Features List`_ to make sure that it has the features that you require.

.. _`PJSIP's Features List`: http://trac.pjsip.org/repos/wiki/PJSIP-Datasheet

Then to begin using PJSIP, the `Getting Started Guide`_ contains instructions to acquire and build PJSIP on various platforms that we support.

.. _`Getting Started Guide`: http://trac.pjsip.org/repos/wiki/Getting-Started 

PJSIP Info and Documentation
================================
To get other relevant info and documentations about PJSIP, you can visit:

- `PJSIP General Wiki`_
- `PJSIP FAQ`_
- `PJSIP Reference Manual`_ - please see Reference Manual section

.. _`PJSIP General Wiki`: http://trac.pjsip.org/repos/wiki
.. _`PJSIP FAQ`: http://trac.pjsip.org/repos/wiki/FAQ
.. _`PJSIP Reference Manual`: http://trac.pjsip.org/repos/wiki

Building PJSUA2
=================
PJSUA2 API declaration can be found in ``pjsip/include/pjsua2`` while the source codes are located in ``pjsip/src/pjsua2``. It will be automatically built when you compile PJSIP.

PJSUA2 Language Binding Support
===================================
The PJSUA2 API is also available for other programming languages via SWIG binding, such as Java and Python.
